hey everyone this is my first real video
blog so I'm gonna introduce myself first
my real name is Rene I'm 19 I'm college
student and I also play tf2 teeth
gorgeous dude and literati which is like
an online Scrabble game on Yahoo
multiplayer and it's really fun you
should play but in World of Warcraft I
play a restituted and I've been playing
one since Burning Crusade came out and
so yeah basically ever since we missed
came out um uh
ever since he's the one I play boy a
warlock grid and like all I know really
um in season 3 me and Reagan and glicks
transferred over to bg9 because it was
like the place to be if you were too
good or if you wanted to be good I guess
um anyway we transferred over there and
we ended up doing really well there and
also really well in the tournament realm
that was going on at the time um
tournament realm was like an online
qualifier for the official was a
tournament okay um we ended up
qualifying for that and ended up winning
that tournament and not not all of it
just regionals um I actually have a
giant check thank you that yay hey um oh
so we got sponsored during that time by
mob gaming and the tickets to emoji San
Diego mm II and we did so badly that
they dropped us right after the
tournament ended
which is a little embarrassing but yeah
shortly after like one month later there
is another mochi and we really wanted to
go so we flew in on our own money and um
two hotel rooms with other players and
ended up not only beating the mob team
but winning the entire tournament groups
to equal fnatic ended up sponsoring us
after that and we went to emoji Dallas
and one that we went to those con and
came third there and did a bunch of
other tournaments that we didn't do that
fantastic good after all these
tournaments I took a break from wow I
quit in 2001 for about a year and I'm
back of course and I'm a little bit
rusty I've been playing for so long but
um I'm still floating on 2,700 MMR
that's certainly improving um you can
check out my commentary at arena footage
calm I'll have a couple clips up very
soon and if you aren't signed up for
that you definitely should because it's
an awesome website which offers
commentary from high rated arena players
and tips and tricks and strategies and
key bindings and everything it's awesome
and you should definitely check it out
so yeah if you have any comments or
concerns please leave me a message at
the arena college forums which I will
leave a link right right here-ish
you know I will link and so yeah thanks
for watching bye